Address comments from AD (#88)
ietf-wg-dnsop/draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error: draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error.md

     ensures the integrity and authenticity of DNS responses, preventing forged DNS
     responses from being accepted.

>    * The HTTPS server hosted on the network security device will have access to the   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The HTTPS server hosted on the network security device will have access to the
```

to fix spaces at end of line

Reviewer: (I fixed this with subsequent commit over your pull request)

explicitly configured DNS servers or utilize RESINFO
{{?RFC9606}}.

## Privacy Considerations

The EXTRA-TEXT field may reveal details about the filtering organization and its policies. Clients MUST NOT log or transmit the contents of the EXTRA-TEXT field to third parties without the end user's knowledge.

> This specification requires the use of encrypted DNS transports (DoT, DoH, or DoQ), which protects both the DNS query and the structured error response from passive observers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This specification requires the use of an encrypted DNS transport (e.g., DoT, DoH, or DoQ), which protects both the DNS query and the structured error response from passive observers.
```

The registry is initially populated with the following values:

> | JSON Name | Field Meaning  | Description                      | Mandatory | Specification |

Reviewer 2: Why are we adding "mandatory" as there is no attribute which mandatory and that we say that future ones will have to be optional fo BC? I would revert this change.

Author: Good catch, will revert the change.
